A new dimension was just discovered
inside vanilla Minecraft, and it's
really weird. Let me explain. We all
know about the overworld Nether and end,
but a YouTuber named Myron Urio just
found a way to get to an insane new
dimension in 1.12.2. They're calling it
the ghost dimension. And to get there,
you need to do some crazy bugs. First,
you need to go to the end and trick the
game into keeping thousands of rails
powered, even though they shouldn't be.
Then, you break the sides of the end
portal frame and walk into the side of
the portal. When you go through the
portal, all these rails update at the
same time, which overloads the game,
causing you to get stuck on this loading
screen. But if you hit escape and
teleport away, you'll enter the ghost
dimension, which is the end, but with a
visual glitch, causing it to look like
the bottom part of the overworld, but
with these giant floating cubes. Some of
them are normal chunks from the
overworld, some are random blocks, and
some are patterns. But weirder than
that, none of these blocks are real. So
if you rightclick a block, it
disappears. And if you place down a
block, a giant cube of that block
appears.